com/auspost/steps/DuckDuckGoSteps.java
 com.auspost.steps.DuckDuckGoSteps
com/auspost/factory/ChromeDriverCapabilities.java
 com.auspost.factory.ChromeDriverCapabilities
com/auspost/customRunner/CucumberSerneityRunner2.java
 com.auspost.customRunner.CucumberSerneityRunner2
com/auspost/pages/DuckDuckGoPage.java
 com.auspost.pages.DuckDuckGoPage
com/auspost/steps/ElectronSteps.java
 com.auspost.steps.ElectronSteps
com/auspost/customRunner/SerenityCucumberForker.java
 com.auspost.customRunner.SerenityCucumberForker
com/auspost/pages/SheldePage.java
 com.auspost.pages.SheldePage
com/auspost/electronFactory/ChromeDriverBinary.java
 com.auspost.electronFactory.ChromeDriverBinary
com/auspost/runners/FeatureSlicedRunner1.java
 com.auspost.runners.FeatureSlicedRunner1
com/auspost/helpers/SAPGeneric.java
 com.auspost.helpers.SAPGeneric
com/auspost/helpers/SAPGuiClassName.java
 com.auspost.helpers.SAPGuiClassName
com/auspost/pages/SAPMainPage.java
 com.auspost.pages.SAPMainPage
com/auspost/pages/FirstSuite.java
 com.auspost.pages.FirstSuite
com/auspost/pages/RevITPage.java
 com.auspost.pages.RevITPage
com/auspost/messageObjects/MessageFactory.java
 com.auspost.messageObjects.MessageFactory
com/auspost/customRunner/CucumberSerneityRunner1.java
 com.auspost.customRunner.CucumberSerneityRunner1
com/auspost/helpers/SAPConnection.java
 com.auspost.helpers.SAPConnection
com/auspost/pages/ElectronPage.java
 com.auspost.pages.ElectronPage
com/auspost/runners/ShakeoutRunner.java
 com.auspost.runners.ShakeoutRunner
com/auspost/customRunner/AbstractCucumberSerenityRunner.java
 com.auspost.customRunner.AbstractCucumberSerenityRunner
com/auspost/definitions/Definitions.java
 com.auspost.definitions.Definitions
com/auspost/pages/SecondSuite.java
 com.auspost.pages.SecondSuite
com/auspost/factory/CustomWebDriverFactory.java
 com.auspost.factory.CustomWebDriverFactory
com/auspost/pages/SAPLoginPage.java
 com.auspost.pages.SAPLoginPage
com/auspost/steps/RevITSteps.java
 com.auspost.steps.RevITSteps
com/auspost/steps/SheldeSteps.java
 com.auspost.steps.SheldeSteps
com/auspost/messageObjects/MessageConstruct.java
 com.auspost.messageObjects.MessageConstruct
com/auspost/helpers/SAPCustomised.java
 com.auspost.helpers.SAPCustomised
com/auspost/steps/APISteps.java
 com.auspost.steps.APISteps
com/auspost/runners/FeatureSlicedRunner2.java
 com.auspost.runners.FeatureSlicedRunner2
